There's a couple of loose ends I'd like to tie up.
First off, we initially didn't have a title, so I went ahead and I created the title component on
top of which we also didn't have really a way to go back here.
Now you can swipe from the side, but on Android, that doesn't really feel natural either.
So we also introduced this non-native back button just in case with which you can go back.
Now, you may ask yourself, how do we do this?
Well, over here in account styles, we, first of all, created this title component with a font size
of 30 pixels, on top of which in the account screen we took that title component and just put it right
behind the authentication cover, right underneath the account cover.
And the same is true for the login screen.
And then at the bottom of the logging screen, we introduced the spacer with an off button that also
had a contained mode, which took an empress of navigation Dudko back, which comes from the navigation
prop that we get because it's in the logging space.
But the other thing we did is to tighten up some loose ends as we introduced this nice feature where
if we get an error, it's actually being displayed in the center rather than outward.
And so if we do this and we, for instance, and more we audio and we filled in the wrong password,
obviously we're going to get the error, but it's going to fill the space and not push out.
And the way that we achieve that is in the account styles.
We introduced this air container and the air container has a max width of three hundred, just like
the off input, just like everything else.
It has a line item center, a line self center margin, top of space to margin, bottom of space two,
and that will constrain everything for the error.
And so now that we've clean that up for the majority, one other thing we want to now achieve is, well,
not OK, we can log in.
What's basically going on in here?
You can see in our press log in way too many times now that we're able to log in.
What about registration?
And so let's take a look at that.